so hold on I'm again Megan Megan okay
this Hall is going to be from plunder
that's plndr slender calm is their
website I'll jump right into it the
first thing it's going to be this really
cute karl lagerfeld plain t not just the
plain t i love the fact that it has kind
of like a asymmetrical feel and look to
the bottom where it comes down on each
side then white tees are my thing but
what's even better is carlock fill
spaces on the front with the letter K
because he is the king for all things
fashion he is the iconic king of fashion
sounds easy love this shirt cannot wait
to wear this then I got this spandex
like a cotton spandex a dress it's
called the frown face dress and it has
little smiley faces all over it but
they're upside down smiles I used to
frown okay after their frowning you're
not smiling by any means but they are
frowning and the faces are like kind of
layered stacked upon each other so it
creates an illusion as if like the
things are moving it's weird like I
don't know if you see it up close i'm
going to try to put it up close in so
you can kind of see how it looks but
it's really cute on very sexy i'm not
even going to lie to you like hola no no
no this shirt dress will this dress i
should say sure but it looks like a
shirt it's short real short i mean
really really sure
but impaired with like Chuck's combat
boots just anything flat on the bottom
to kind of balance out the fact that
it's so short and tight on the top let's
really cute off then I got these really
good red cut off shorts I know you're
thinking do probably through these and
you probably can but to find a bright
red this color third thing in my size
has been very hard to find last season
and this season with the summer coming
up so I was really happy to find these
really cute red cutoff shorts and frayed
at the bottom kind of just stressed in
the middle and then they have these cute
little studs going around the pocket so
all the works are you done for me and
they're high-waisted they're really cute
on then last but not least i got these
really cute black high that i also got
this really really like jumper and
plunger back home of course it's like a
woven net type of material its woven in
between it's a go threading you see you
like it I've worn these ones I can't
wait to wear them again um plain tea on
the top prob like a wet t or a black tea
and then my black ankle strap shoes
really cute with this so that I almost
forgot all about this I really can't
jump or should I say sweat are the
American so I got from plunders at Quang
as well it's really nice i really like
that you have let us see do all so it's
really cute right so that's it for the
whole see you next video